Right now we've got a few threads in our hands.
We've got Kalman filters,
matrices and vectors, and object-oriented programming.
And you might be starting to see how these threads all intertwine. But maybe not.
At the end of this course,
you're going to implement a matrix class which will be
used to make a multidimensional Kalman filter actually work.
And once you do that,
it should be crystal clear how these threads all intertwine.
But for now, you've got a bit more work to do with Kalman filters.
So we're going to pick up where
the Kalman filter lesson you were watching earlier left off.
And just to remind you of where you were when you left off,
we're going to show you the very last video you saw from that lesson again. Enjoy.